First edit of release notes  for 6.10 (#37463)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.10.0/mantidworkbench.rst

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:

Bugfixes
--------

- Selecting or deselecting plot curves in plot settings no longer causes an error.
- Overplotting workspaces onto a regular Matplotlib plot no longer causes an error.
- Dragging a table workspace onto a plot no longer causes a crash.
- Loading files from disk no longer causes a memory leak.

> - Previously hidden plots are no longer unhidden from some plot scripts.

Reviewer: The bullet point spacing here has also gone larger than normal

- Plot scripts in documentation now use ``fig.show()`` instead of ``plt.show()`` to avoid hanging Workbench.

> - Fitting property browser no longer crashesk when removing a function from a nested composite function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fit property browser no longer crashes when removing a function from a nested composite function.
```

> - Renaming a plot in the plots widget no longer redraws the plot title regardless of the Show Title setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renaming a plot in the plots widget no longer redraws the plot title regardless of the ``Show Title`` workbench setting.
```
